Q.1)    What are the advantages of Bootstrap? 
Ans-> Bootstrap 5's advantages are
 	-Creating Responsive websites
	-Mobile-first websites.
	-Cross-browser compatibility
	-Implementing JavaScript plugins

Q.2)	What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Ans-> Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system.
 	Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, 
	most layouts do not require a nested container.

Q.3)	What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Ans-> Bootstrap 5 uses a default font-size of 1rem (16px by default), and its line-height is 1.5. In addition, 
	all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

Q.4)	What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System?
Ans-> Bootstrap’s grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. 
	It’s built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Bootstrap's grid system allows up to 12 columns across the page.
	If you do not want to use all 12 column individually, you can group the columns together to create wider columns.
	Bootstrap's grid system is responsive, and the columns will re-arrange depending on the screen size: On a big screen it might look 	better with the content organized in three columns, but on a small screen it would be better if the content items were stacked on 
	top of each other.

Q.5)  What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
Ans-> Bootstrap 4:
	-It has 5 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl) in grid system.
	-It has limited colors.
	-It has jquery and all related plugins.
	-Bootstrap 4 supports both IE 10 and 11.
	-Radio buttons, checkboxes have different look in different OS and browsers. The form uses whatever default browsers provide.
	

	Bootstrap 5:
	-It has 6 tier (xs, sm, md, lg, xl, xxl) in grid system.
	-Extra colors added with the looks, A card improved color palette. there are various shades available to choose.
	-Jquery is removed and switched to vanilla JS with some working plugins	
	-Bootstrap 5 doesn’t support IE 10 and 11.
	-The look of form elements will not change, on different OS or browser. The forms can be customized and form controls can be added, 	 they would not depend on browser. 

Q.6)  What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?
Ans-> Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like 	alignment buttons together. You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin. 
	This class is used for a basic button group.

Q.7)  How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans-> Add an <a> tag with the class of . thumbnail around an image. This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
	On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

Q.8)  In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans-> Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns, navigation, components, 
	and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities. You can also do complex implementations using custom CSS. 
	Flexbox Properties: Enable flex behaviors.

Q.9)  How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans-> Bootstrap provides an easy way to create predefined alert messages: Alerts are created with the .alert class, 
	followed by one of the four contextual classes .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning or .alert-danger.

Q.10) What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 
Ans-> A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, 	contextual background colors, and powerful display options.
